I didn't read her.
There were books.
In fact, she is only going to start another one book, and that isn't due out for a few months yet.
If I had met her through books, I probably would have had a very long way to the public library.
I didn't know that she was born in Texas and moved away when she was eight, thus giving us something to share and experience.
My fellow Texans don't like that.
They don't like for us to move away.
They particularly like us to be successful.
However, I think they're more inclined probably to forgive her than they are me, but by departing the local precincts, she found the theater and has given us all hours of sheer escapist delight and also some very powerful traumatic performances.
I have the great honor of the impossible task of introducing
The lady who truly needs no introduction, Karen.
When Walter was talking about people asking progress, I had written something down.
And it was the exact same thing.
I think I got that same person's way out of being French.
People are just wonderful to know, to get to know.
And I feel that I do know so many of us who are involved in so nice coming up.
And I was reminded as Walter was talking about getting out.
meeting people, the very first time I was ever recognized on the street in the New Orleans.
That's from number two.
The first one was kind of a big guy who said, hey, aren't you that girl on the Gary Miller show?
This is about 25 years ago.
And I said, yes, I know.
He said, I'll be darned.
You're not such a dog.
I'll be sorry about that.
And another one, kind of along with St.
Vane, the lady stopped me watching Bloomingdale, and she said, here's your honor, aren't you?
And I said, yes.
She said, would you sign this for my 15-year-old daughter?
And she wants to be on television, just like you are.
And I said, she reminds everybody of you, or don't even mind everybody of her.
And I told her that if you could make it, anybody could.
Which is kind of along that way of,
Getting to what I have done the past two years.
I wrote a book.
I'm always thrilled to be able to read one.
To get through writing one has been a love-hate relationship.
I've never done this before.
I don't know if I would ever do it again.
I started it as an open letter to my three daughters.
We're now at 22, 19, and 17.
And I used to tell them, I wanted to tell them about growing up, how I felt growing up.
And I wanted them to get to know my grandmother, my mother, and my dad.
We're all dead now.
And that was a way to introduce them to them.
I used to tell these stories, various stories about my kooky grandmother who raised me.
And the girls, when they were little, their eyes would just roll up in the back of their heads.
They'd go, you're just in the end talking about the olden days.
And I figured that the best way to do it was to write a letter to them so that they could read it whenever they wanted to.
And about a year into this letter, a friend of mine showed me, or at the top of myself, to re-type again.
I started getting serious about it, and they showed it to one of the statements that I had now.
And she said, I think maybe I ought to get serious about this and keep on trucking with it.
And so I did.
And I even, the last December, bought a word processor because I figured out to be the only way I had to really meet the deadline because I wasn't smart like Walter.
And so I took instructions from a person that bought the word process from.
She's 12 years old.
And I got through it.
And I'm really happy that I did it.
I told you why I wrote it.
It was for my daughter.
I told you how I wrote it.
I spent many nights alone.
But that gave me the reason.
But then it's really about the first half of my life.
It's very good to do with show business.
It's about being raised in Hollywood.
So my grandmother and I live in Texas.
And living in, I guess, the neighborhood of Hollywood, not Hollywood.
We live in the Black Forest, Hollywood Boulevard.
My grandmother and I, we said,
I grew up wanting to be an actress, or secretly wanting to be an actress.
My mother wanted to write.
She used to say to me, why don't you be a writer?
And no matter what you look like, you can always write.
I heard from doing this book that actually I wound up writing it for myself.
more than I did my kids as a result of it.
I went through a lot of things and resistance.
I went through moments of disliking, even hating my parents as one does when you're growing up.
And I came through it loving them again and realized that they did the best they could with what they were and the way they threw them out.
And I would hope that from this,
Actually, I'd like people to buy it and read it, and those who do, I would hope that they might sit down and write for their children or for their loved ones and leave something of themselves for them.
That's really the main reason I wrote it, and I hope you all enjoyed it.
And it's been a thrill to be here today and to be part of this wonderful group, and I thank you very much.
Put your hands down, Kevin.
This has been a very special breakfast, and we want to thank you all for coming.
I want you to know I was born Irish, and I can't ride like that.
And remember, as you go back, we are an important business.